The Prime Minister gave an overview of reforms undertaken in India in the recent past.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated PM-SYM Yojana to the forty two crore strong unorganized sector workers in the country.
The Facility has the largest underground storage compartment in the country.
He said the Union Government is committed to fulfilling all its missions and resolves, with the help of the people.
India has emerged as a bright spot in the global economy which is driving global growth as well.
Over the next couple of decades, most of the new infrastructure in the world will come up in our region.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
Your generation also faced relentless hardships.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
I am delighted to visit this great country once again.
He said that the huge reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean, is due, to a large extent, to the military might of India, and our international partnerships.
Narendra Modi during the interaction said that Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana- National Rural Livelihood Mission has been started in all states.
He added that the Quit India Movement that began in 1942, was a decisive movement.
Some people have really benefitted very well from MNREGA budget provisions made by the Government of India for water conservation and water management works.
As democracies, we have shared values.
Our tree and forest cover has also increased by one percent in the last two years.
They leave a deep impression on my heart.
All this will affect energy demand.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
Since Diwali, our nation has been witness to a historic rite of purification.
He urged people to use the Bhim App and embrace cashless transactions.
It does the job of uniting us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
• The R&D projects will be aimed at accelerating social transformation by providing solutions through application of science and technology.
Minister for Energy, Saudi Arabia
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
This year will see the first ever Tri-services exercise INDRA–2017.
Creating an enabling environment for business and attracting investments remains my top priority.
The Prime Minister stressed on providing maximum benefit to the poor and marginalized sections of society, under this scheme.
Even otherwise, Uttarakhand has been the main centre for Yoga for several decades.
I believe we are at a moment of great opportunity in our ties with Sri Lanka.
Strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
“Extremely proud of our youngsters!
We need to ensure that we build it to best available standards of disaster safety.
The world today, is also threatened by the twin challenges – terrorism, and climate change.
Make headway with this Mantra.
New systems are emerging.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
It will benefit both countries.
I am particularly grateful to Prime Minister Abe for his encouragement and support at a personal level.
On similar lines, on the 25th of December, I learnt of the loss of SulagittiNarsamma in Karnataka.
He made unwavering efforts towards serving the post-partition refugees in Delhi.
Just two days back, I have written letters to all governments and all leaders of the world about the Yoga Day.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
Come, let us take positivity forward.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
Many programs are being organized across the country in celebration of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
These and other changes have been noticed by the global fraternity.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
The PM added, “The Government is constantly working to create a conducive environment for business in the country.
